
[default]
save_search_field= gs
add_view=ga
bookmark= M
bookmarks= gb
bookmarks_nv=gB
bookmarks_nw=wB
buffers= gt
only= co
remove_view=d
entry_history_back=Control p
entry_history_forward=Control n
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_word_back=Mod1 b
entry_word_forward=Mod1 f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_current_history=Control C
complete_path=Control P
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
allow_cookie= CC
hint_mode_clipboard=;y
hint_mode_primary=;Y
decrease_master=gh
hint_mode_download=;d
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
execute_userscript= eu
find_backward= ?
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= J
focus_nth_view=T
focus_prev= K
hint_mode_editable=;e
hint_mode=f
hint_mode_nv=F
hint_mode_nw=wf
hint_mode_images=;i
hint_mode_images_nv=;I
hint_mode_links=;;
history_back= H
history_forward= L
increase_master=gl
insert_mode= i
show_keys= Sk
load_html= 
load_html_nv=
new_view=V
new_window=W
open_editor=Mod1 e
open_quickmark=b
open_quickmark_nv=B
open_quickmark_nw=wb
open_start_page=gh
web_inspector= wi
paste= pp
paste_nv=Pp
paste_nw=wp
paste_primary= pP
paste_primary_nw=wP
paste_primary_nv=PP
pass_through=i
print=Control Mod1 p
push_master=gp
quit=Control q
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_scripts=,,
save= sf
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= m
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_percent=%
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
set_key= sk
set_setting= ss
scripts=
spell_checking=
show_settings= Ss
stop_loading=Control s
autoload_images=
autoresize_window=
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= pth
toggle_scripts_host= zsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= zth
toggle_scripts_uri= zsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= ztu
toggle_bottomstack=tb
caret_browsing=
fullscreen= @F11@
toggle_hidden_files= g.
java_applets=
toggle_maximized=gm
toggle_plugins_host= ph
toggle_plugins_uri= pu
plugins=
private_browsing=
proxy=Mod1 p
undo= u
view_source= gf
yank_title= yt
yank_title_primary= yT
yank= yy
yank_primary= yY
zoom_in= zi
zoom_out= zo
zoom_normal=z=
hint_mode_url=;o
hint_mode_url_nv=;O
Open=go
open= o
Open_nv=gO
open_nv=O
Open_nw=wO
open_nw=wo
protect=Control P
toggle_adblocker=Control a
presentation_mode= @F12@
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_bottombar=xb
toggle_topbar=xt

entry_delete_line_end=Control k
entry_delete_word_forward=Mod1 d
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_session_cookie= CS
history_back_nw=wh
history_back_nv=th
history_forward_nw=wl
history_forward_nv=tl
lock_domain= xd
lock_uri= xu
hint_mode_rapid_nw=;R
hint_mode_rapid=;r
visible= xv

zoom= =

execute_javascript= 
set= 
toggle_setting= 

tab_new= ga
close_tab= d
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_primary= ;Y
hints_download= ;s
focus_tab=Control t
hints_editable= ;e
hints= f
hints_tab= ;b
hints_win= wf
hints_images= ;i
hints_images_tab= .i
hints_links= ;;
win_hist_back= wh
tab_hist_back= gh
win_hist_forward= wl
tab_hist_forward= gl
load_html_tab= 
quickmark= '
tab_quickmark= "
win_quickmark= wb
start_page=Control h
tab_paste= Pp
win_paste= wp
win_paste_primary= wP
tab_paste_primary= PP
hints_rapid_win= ;R
hints_rapid= ;r
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
hints_url= ;o
hints_url_tab= .o
new_tab= V
new_win= W
open_url= O
tab_bookmarks= gB
tabopen_url= T
tabopen= t
win_bookmarks= wB
winopen_url= wO
winopen= wo

entry_escape=Control g

entry_confirm=Control j

reload_userscripts= ,.

tab_move_right= gr
tab_move_left= gl
tab_move= gm

show_bookmarks= Sb
show_downloads= Sd
show_quickmarks= Sq
show_history= Sh

clear_tab= gc

cancel_download= gD

normal_mode=Control n
local_set= 
set_local_setting= sl
toggle_local_setting= 
dump= 

find_backward_ic= c?
find_forward_ic= c/

backopen_url= xO
backopen= xo

hints_background= F

hints_images_background= ;I

hints_url_background= ;O

sanitize= 

eval= 

download= gd

[-p]
save_search_field=gs
add_view=ga
bookmark=M
bookmarks=gb
bookmarks_nv=gB
bookmarks_nw=wB
buffers=gt
only=co
remove_view=d
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_current_history=Control C
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
allow_cookie=CC
hint_mode_clipboard=;y
hint_mode_primary=;Y
decrease_master=gh
hint_mode_download=;d
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode=:
execute_userscript=eu
find_backward=?
find_forward=/
find_next=n
find_previous=N
focus_input=gi
focus_next=J
focus_nth_view=T
focus_prev=K
hint_mode_editable=;e
hint_mode=f
hint_mode_nv=F
hint_mode_nw=wf
hint_mode_images=;i
hint_mode_images_nv=;I
hint_mode_links=;;
history_back=H
history_forward=L
increase_master=gl
insert_mode=i
show_keys=Sk
load_html=
load_html_nv=
new_view=V
new_window=W
open_editor=Control e
open_quickmark=b
open_quickmark_nv=B
open_quickmark_nw=wb
open_start_page=Control h
web_inspector=wi
paste=pp
paste_nv=Pp
paste_nw=wp
paste_primary=pP
paste_primary_nw=wP
paste_primary_nv=PP
pass_through=Control i
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
push_master=gp
quit=Control q
reload=r
reload_bypass_cache=R
reload_scripts=
save=sf
save_session=ZZ
save_named_session=gZZ
save_quickmark=m
scroll_down=j
scroll_right=l
scroll_left=h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom=G
scroll_percent=%
scroll_top=gg
scroll_up=k
set_key=sk
set_setting=ss
scripts=
spell_checking=
show_settings=Ss
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_adblocker=Control a
autoload_images=
autoresize_window=
toggle_plugins_host_tmp=pth
toggle_scripts_host=tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp=tth
toggle_scripts_uri=tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp=ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp=ttu
toggle_bottomstack=tb
caret_browsing=
fullscreen=Control F11
toggle_hidden_files=g.
java_applets=
toggle_maximized=gm
toggle_plugins_host=ph
toggle_plugins_uri=pu
plugins=
presentation_mode=Control F12
private_browsing=
proxy=Control p
toggle_bars=xx
toggle_bottombar=xb
toggle_topbar=xt
undo=u
view_source=gf
yank_title=yt
yank_title_primary=yT
yank=yy
yank_primary=yY
zoom_in=zi
zoom_out=zo
zoom_normal=z=
hint_mode_url=;o
hint_mode_url_nv=;O
Open=go
open=o
Open_nv=gO
open_nv=O
Open_nw=wO
open_nw=wo
